perf(consensus): Make late votes outside of last block commits not get to peerMsgQueue (#3157)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/3157-late-votes-dont-take-cs-mtx.md

> - [`types`] Significantly speedup types.MakePartSet and types.AddPart, which are used in creating a block proposal

Reviewer: I mean, this is the wrong chngelog entry in my opinion.

> - [`types`] Significantly speedup types.MakePartSet and types.AddPart, which are used in creating a block proposal

Author: Yes your right, my bad!

> - [`consensus`] Check for late votes in the reactor, preventing them from entering the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`consensus`] Check for late votes in the reactor, preventing them from being delivered to the consensus logic, as a performance optimization.
```

single-threaded consensus logic. This change is a performance optimization that reduces the number 
of redundant votes that are processed by the consensus logic.

>   ([\#3157](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/issues/3157)

Reviewer: I think adding the issue here is the right approach.
